.TH PROMETHEUS-EXPORTER-EXPORTER "8" "July 2020"

.SH NAME
\fBprometheus-exporter-exporter\fR \- simple reverse proxy to other Prometheus exporters

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBprometheus-exporter-exporter\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.TP
-\fBallow.net\fR \fIvalue\fR
Allow connection from this network specified in CIDR notation. Can be specified
multiple times.

.TP
-\fBconfig.dirs\fR \fIvalue\fR
The path to directories of configuration files, can be specified multiple times.

.TP
-\fBconfig.file\fR \fIstring\fR
The path to the configuration file. (default "/etc/prometheus/exporter-exporter.yml")

.TP
-\fBconfig.skip-dirs\fR
Skip non existent -config.dirs entries instead of terminating.

.TP
-\fBlog.json\fR
Serialize log messages in JSON

.TP
-\fBlog.level\fR \fIvalue\fR
Log level (default warning)

.TP
-\fBversion\fR
Print the version and exit

.TP
-\fBweb.bearer.token\fR \fIstring\fR
Bearer authentication token.

.TP
-\fBweb.bearer.token-file\fR \fIstring\fR
File containing the Bearer authentication token.

.TP
-\fBweb.listen-address\fR \fIstring\fR
The address to listen on for HTTP requests. (default ":9999")

.TP
-\fBweb.proxy-path\fR \fIstring\fR
The address to listen on for HTTP requests. (default "/proxy")

.TP
-\fBweb.telemetry-path\fR \fIstring\fR
The address to listen on for HTTP requests. (default "/metrics")

.TP
-\fBweb.tls.ca\fR \fIstring\fR
Path to CA to auth clients against (default "ca.pem")

.TP
-\fBweb.tls.cert\fR \fIstring\fR
Path to cert (default "cert.pem")

.TP
-\fBweb.tls.certmatch\fR \fIstring\fR
If set, this is used as a regexp that is matched against any certificate subject, dnsname or email address, only certs with a match are verified. web.tls.verify must also be set

.TP
-\fBweb.tls.key\fR \fIstring\fR
Path to key (default "key.pem")

.TP
-\fBweb.tls.listen-address\fR \fIstring\fR
The address to listen on for HTTPS requests.

.TP
-\fBweb.tls.verify\fR
Enable client verification

.SH FILES

.TP
\fI/etc/default/prometheus-exporter-exporter\fR

.TP
\fI/etc/prometheus/exporter-exporter.yml\fR
